{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs20 NexENCODE Studio v4.28 - Read me\cf0\b0\i\par
\fs16\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\cf1\b\i0 Licence Agreement\cf2   \par
\pard   \cf3\b0 =================================\cf2\b\par
\b0   All versions of NexENCODE, are protected by  copyright\par
  and are the sole property of Team Nexgen. This version \par
  is  intended  for personal use only.   Public distribution or \par
  commercial  use  of  this  version is  expressly prohibited \par
  without    prior    written    consent   of   Team   Nexgen. \par
  NexENCODE  may not be duplicated, sold, distributed or \par
  utilized in any manner  not described  herein without the \par
  prior    written    consent    of    Team   Nexgen.   Parties \par
  interested   in   licensing   NexENCODE   for   other  than \par
  personal    use    should     contact    Team   Nexgen,  at\par
  brendlefly3000@hotmail.com.\par
\par
  Feel free to use NexENCODE Studio for as long  as  you\par
  like. It is not crippled  in  any way.  However, if you feel\par
  it is of use, you  should  register. Money made from this \par
  project  goes  into  the  makeing  of NexENCODE Studio.\par
\cf1\b\par
\cf2\b0   NexENCODE Studio is based on NexENCODE Origionally\par
  by Warlok (Team Nexgen).\par
\cf1\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Whats new in v4.28\par
\pard\cf2\b0   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
  - Added  file  merger  (combines  two  or more mp3 files\par
    into one)\par
  - Removed some bulky graphics\par
  - Added hand icon to some buttons\par
  - Added to appearance of main form\par
  - Added feature to add playlist files to all folders that\par
    have mp3 files in them.\par
  - Added encoder wizard\par
  - Massive changes to interface\par
  - Icons on all buttons\par
  - Added to skin editor\par
  - Added playlist to html functioins and surf  html playlist \par
    features\par
\cf1\b\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Whats new in v4\cf2\b0\par
\pard   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
  - Added Effects Editor\par
  - Added Effects Menus\par
  - Added Following effects features: Amplitude, Chorus,\par
     Click   Filter,  Distortion,  Echo,  Fade  In,  Fade  Out, \par
     Reverb and Shifting\par
  - Added Playlist features\par
  - Fixed multiple playlist bugs\par
  - Checks for updates to NexENCODE\par
  - Added seek function, click the percentage label during \par
    playback to seek through an mp3 file\par
  - Checks  to see if NexENCODE is the foremost window, \par
    and  if   it's  not,   it   changes   NexENCODE   graphics\par
  - Added drag/drop functionality\par
  - Added increase/decrease mp3 playback speed feature\par
  - Added  adjust   volume   dialog   for  'Master',  'Line in',\par
     'Microphone',  'Synthisizer',  'CD Audio',   'Wave',  and\par
     'Auxillary'\par
  - Added wave playback functionality\par
  - Mouse over buttons\par
  - Added  artist  and  album  information  to  whatever is \par
    currently in the drive\par
  - Added shuffle mode\par
  - Added  open  mp3 / open  wav / open m3u dropdown \par
    menus.\par
  - Added rolling stones website features to NexENCODE\cf1\b\par
\cf2\b0   - Replaced  NS4MOLDY skin with  iNEX  skin  (hope  you \par
    like it).\par
  - Added playlist Search utility\par
  - Added Hard drive search utility\par
  - Cleaned up directory. Everything is catagorized now\par
  - Added insert disc dialog\par
  - Added aspi apps\par
  - Added continuous play\par
  - Added download tracks dialog\par
  - Added disc information editor\par
  - Added FreeDB track nameing\par
  - Added MP3 Decoder\par
  - Added batch manager\par
  - Better control of .m3u playlists\par
  - Added Audio Galaxy file search\par
  - Added systray functions\par
  - Added always on top feature\par
  - Added command line functionality to play mp3\par
  - Added   playlist  features  (delete   playlist,   delete  all \par
    playlists)\par
  - Added skin support (browser/editor)\par
  - Added detection of aspi drivers\par
  - Added a dialog to select  more  than  one  tracks  at  a \par
    time\par
  - Added playlist sort by genre\par
  - Application   completely   re-written    (modeled   after \par
    v3.02)\cf0\b\par
\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\cf1 Known Problems\cf0\par
\pard\cf2\b0   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
  - NexENCODE  Studio   does  not  function  properly  in \par
    Windows 95/Windows 98 Environments in most cases\par
\cf0   - FreeDB      submit      is      not      yet      implemented\par
  - FreeDB    fuzzy   match   is    not    yet    implemented\par
\b\par
\cf1\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 Problems / Solutions\cf0\par
\pard\cf2\b0   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
\cf4   P: I  encoded  a  file with NexENCODE, and it's all sped \par
      up and distorted.\cf2\par
  S: The  file  needs to be the correct format. Open your \par
      file  in  Windows  Sound  Recorder  and  save   it  as \par
      44,100  Hz,  16bit,  Stereo,   then   open   it   up  in \par
      NexENCODE.\par
\par
\cf4   P: NexENCODE looks all funky and odd shaped\cf2\par
  S: Within  NexENCODE  Studio  their  is  a  skin  editor.\par
      Right  click  NexENCODE  choose  skin editor or visit\par
      www.team-nexgen.com    for   NexENCODE   Skins.\par
\par
\cf4   P: I put a cd in the drive, but NexENCODE either tells \par
      me that it's not there, or that the cd drive that the\par
      cd is in cannot be accessed.\cf2\par
  S: This  could be due to a couple of things. You could \par
      have    another    cd   player,   or   ripper  running.\par
      In  that  case,  turn  it  off, and  try  accessing the\par
      cd drive with NexENCODE again. If you have more\par
      than  one  cd drive, right click NexENCODE choose \par
      settings/ripper, then choose a cd drive.\par
\par
  \cf4 P: NexENCODE wont load\cf2 .\par
  S: This  is  probably  due  to a bad executable or bad \par
       distribution.  Sometimes  during   development,  a \par
       bad one gets out on accident, and is usually fixed\par
       in   a    few    days     with    newer    versions   on \par
       www.team-nexgen.com\par
\par
\cf4   P: There's a problem that I have isn't in here.\par
\cf2   S: contact     me      thru      my      e-mail      address.\par
       brendlefly3000@hotmail.com,    or     my   helpfull \par
       aprentice yoda...             yodasexy@hotmail.com\cf0\b\par
\par
\cf4\b0   P: NexENCODE sucks, I want to delete it!\cf0\par
  S: Go   to   Control   Panel,    add/remove  programs. \par
      Deleteing  it  without uninstalling will cause system \par
      problems\b\par
\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\cf1 Credits\cf0\b0\i\par
\pard\cf2\i0   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
  Leon J Aiossa - Programming/graphics  - \par
                     brendlefly3000@hotmail.com                    \par
  Colin Foss - Graphics concepts -\par
                     cfoss@pacifer.net                                     \par
  Lisa Jenkins - Programming -\par
                     yodasexy@hotmail.com                            \par
  \par
  Try other great software titles at ...\par
  Team Nexgen: http://www.team-nexgen.com\par
\cf0\b\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\cf1 I want to register\cf0\b0\par
\pard\cf2   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
   Send $20.00 american cash,  check,  or  money  order\par
   along   with   your   email   address  and/or your home\par
   address and Real Name to:\par
\par
  Leon J Aiossa\par
  1056 Churchill Street #1\par
  St. Paul, MN, 55103\cf0\b\par
\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\cf1 Copyright 2002 Team Nexgen\cf0\b0\i\par
\pard\cf2\i0   \cf3 =================================\cf2\par
\cf0\b\par
}
 